Improve Landing Page and Quickstart Guide (#292)
DiamondLightSource/blueapi: README.rst

Releases       https://github.com/DiamondLightSource/blueapi/releases
============== ==============================================================

> Wrap bluesky_ plans and devices inside a server and send commands/receive data.

Reviewer: Nit: The tense here is a bit odd
```suggestion
This module wraps bluesky_ plans and devices inside a server and exposes endpoints to send commands/receive data.
```

Author: Agree, that sounds much better
